sample: Zigbee light switch: Free buffer in case of failed request [KRKNWK-14229] (#7891)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Zigbee samples
--------------

* :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample:

>   * Fixed an issue where a buffer is not freed when sending Match Descriptor request fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where a buffer would not be freed after a fail occurs when sending Match Descriptor request.
```
